titanmods
=========

This is how TitanROSE used to improve the game without access to any sort of source code, this is the result of many years of reverse engineering the game client and server binaries. This is an old out-of-date version and trying to compile it to use yourself is pointless. I just put it here in case people were interesting in seeing how we did some stuff.

Client Extensions and GameServer Extensions are probably the most interesting projects to look at.

Client Extensions
-----------------

This is more commonly known as TitanProtect.dll, it contains a whole lot of modifications for trose.exe, e.g. bug fixes, new features, new dialogs.

GameServer Extensions
---------------------

Modifications for the "accidently" leaked "arcturus" SHO_GS.dll.

WorldServer Extensions
----------------------

Modifications for the "accidently" leaked "arcturus" SHO_WS.dll

SHO_GS
------

This is a library that is automatically generated by a tool made by Matt which parsed the .pdb debug file that came in the leak of the arcturus files. It provides us with access to most of the functions and data structures in the SHO_GS.dll

TGameCtrl_r
-----------

This was the result of many hours of reverse engineering, I spent a long time figuring out as much publicly facing classes from tgamectrl_r.dll. This was pretty much all reversed from just using the function names exported in the dll. The exports provided all the functions and member variables were deduced by reversing these functions, i.e. SetHeight modifying a DWORD at this+0x4 meant that we had a DWORD height as the first variable in the class. Usage of tgamectrl to create custom dialogs was from reversing trose.exe.

TriggerVFS
----------

Stub .lib for triggervfs.dll

TRose
-----

A library we made from reversing trose.exe providing us with access to many of the internal functions and variables within the binary.
